v0.25: API keys guide (#1307)
meilisearch/documentation: create/how_to/search_bar_for_docs.md

`<absolute-path-to-your-config-file>` should be the **absolute** path of your configuration file defined at [the previous step](#configuration-file).

> The API key you must provide should have the permissions to add documents into your MeiliSearch instance. In a production environment, we recommend providing the private key instead of the master key, as it is safer and it has enough permissions to perform such requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API key you must provide should have the permissions to add documents into your MeiliSearch instance. In a production environment, we recommend providing the built-in Default Admin API key instead of the master key, as it is safer and it has enough permissions to perform such requests.
```

Author: Same as the ones below.

```suggestion
The API key you must provide should have the permissions to add documents into your MeiliSearch instance. We strongly recommend using an API key with limited permissions and a set expiry date whenever possible.
```

Author: Good point. I'll mark these as resolved in this PR.

::: warning

> Since the configuration file is public, we strongly recommend providing the MeiliSearch public key in a production environment, which is enough to perform search requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the configuration file is public, we strongly recommend providing the built-in Default Search API key in a production environment, which is enough to perform search requests.
```

::: warning

> We strongly recommend providing the MeiliSearch public key in a production environment, which is enough to perform search requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend providing the built-in Default Search API key in a production environment, which is enough to perform search requests.
```
